Add kubernetes events logging info (#5184)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/logging.html.md

  Schema](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/index.html)
- loading the logs into Elasticsearch for storage and indexing

> ### Vulnerability Scanners

Author: This section isn't really new, it's just moved from the bottom

Reviewer: The section is introduced in a fairly awkward manner; it comes out of nowhere. I think it's fine for now.

Author: Hard agree on both counts :)

Occasionally you may see some logs that look suspicious. For example, see the `controller` part of the following made up example:

`http_request_duration_seconds_count { action="1", container="app", controller="../../../../../etc/passwd", endpoint="metrics", job="govuk", namespace="apps", pod="static-abc123-de7f" }`

This sort of thing often originates from vulnerability scanners and isn't necessarily something to worry about. However, you should consider _how_ such activity ended up leaking into your logs, and whether or not there's anything you could/should do to patch it up. Read our [internal guidance on the issue](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BZ_SBPuZmO8pseniqj1tlq7pss9iU3JslqQHp_JS9Wg/edit#heading=h.17fwpvs3mt0x).

## Components in the logging path for Kubernetes Events

### Kubernetes Events API

> This is exposed by the Kubernetes API server, it is part of the control plane for Kubernetes which is wholly managed by AWS as part of their Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) offering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is exposed by the Kubernetes API server. It's part of the control plane for Kubernetes which is managed by AWS as part of their Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) offering.
```

> It exposes all of the [kuberenetes events](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/) that occur within the EKS cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It exposes all of the [kubernetes events](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/) that occur within the EKS cluster.
```
